If a different user finds flaws in the original author’s legislation, he can make edits to the legislation himself, forking it. He can only edit the summary, the money required, the feedback mechanism, and details. He may not change the voting date, the feedback date, the title, or the political entity impacted. All these changes are tracked and tied to the editing user’s name and the time which they were edited. This edited version has the same title as the original legislation with a “version B” added on the end. The editing user has full control over any legislation he makes. If a third user also edits the original legislation, it creates a “version C.” Once the English alphabet is completed once, the letter used to designate the version is “AA”, “AB”, “AC”,…, “BA”, “BB”, “BC”,…, “AAA”, “AAB”, and so on. Other users can edit the “version B” legislation, creating a “version B.B”, “version B.C” and so on. If someone edits the edit of an edit, it will produce “version B.B.B” and so on. 

The original author then has the opportunity to approve these changes, officially changing the original legislation post. He may not accept any edits 72 hours before the beginning of voting time, so everyone knows exactly what they’re voting on at least 3 days prior to voting. The author of version B also has the ability to accept edits made in version B.B, but not in version B.B.B. Only the author of version B.B may accept the edits in version B.B.B. If the author of version B accepts the changes in version B.B, any changes B.B approves from version B.B.B after the fact are not made in addition. 

Any version of legislation can be upvoted. If there is a superior edited version that the original legislation author disapproves of, yet everyone else prefers the edited version, users have the ability to upvote the new legislation to a higher degree than the original legislation. Come voting day (which cannot be changed from the date and time the original author prescribes) users have the freedom to vote for the edited version instead of the original version. In addition to voting YES or NO, citizens can indicate preference for up to five versions of legislation by only sending a percentage of the vote to a piece of legislation. The YES or NO for the five versions must be homogenous ie: having 3 YES's and 2 NO's is not possible. 

Ex: Generally the upvote and forking/merging system will allow the competing versions to coalesce on a reasonable number of different popular versions. Let's say there's 3. A citizen hates version A, likes version A.B, and loves version A.B.A. One option is to vote YES with 1st preference for A.B.A and 2nd preference A.B ie: voting .75 YES for A.B.A and .25 YES for A.B. The citizen abstains from the version A vote instead of voting against it. This has the risk of letting version A pass if not enough other people vote against it though. An alternative option if the citizen is very worried about specifically version A getting passed is to only vote NO for version A, abstaining from the A.B and A.B.A votes. If version A gets rejected, nothing is stopping anyone from reposting the same bill, but similarly, nothing is stopping anyone from reposting A.B.A as a new piece of legislation.
