Any decision making system is impotent without authority. This system partially solves the problem by using crowdfunding to execute projects, but this cannot have an impact on abstract laws that require enforcement, not merely money. In order to solve this problem, a method referred to as democracy 2.0 injection is implemented.

Democracy 2.0 injection involves electing or appointing an individual to a position of power. This individual should then obey the results of d-2.0 elections in order to draft, vote, and execute bills to participate in the existing presidential-constitutional republic, as opposed to his own will. He may still draft and vote on legislation himself in hyper democracy, but he is an equal to everyone else in the d-2.0 system.

His primary function is to implement laws in their designated region using the authority vested in him by the existing legal apparatus after being elected or appointed to a position of power. The physical action he takes to execute laws will oftentimes be little more than converting hyper democratic legislation to legislation recognizable by the existing governing body and signing documents. He also must disclose his community’s budget at the start of his term to allow users to use the tax money option when selecting a source of funding for their legislation.

Legislation that needs to be passed on a regular basis (such as budget allocation or the National Defense Authorization Act) is still this elected representative’s responsibility. He should to put this legislation through the democracy 2.0 system in addition to the traditional channels (such as Congress).

In the event that the citizens who elected him do not participate in the democracy 2.0 process the elected representative has three options. He can either act as a traditional leader and try to implement his own ideas, do nothing, or copy his opponent’s plan, even going so far as to let any political opponent be a consultant. These options will either result in the status quo remaining unchanged, the elected representative’s decisions being unpopular preventing him from getting re-elected and possibly removed from his position prematurely, or society is improved by this individual’s actions. 

It is important to note that, like all humans, the elected official has autonomy and is capable of lying. He may run on a d-2.0 platform, but there is no mechanism in this system to prevent him from doing whatever he wants once elected. The theoretical method outlined here are the steps he should take for maximum effectiveness of democracy 2.0 injection.
