There are effectively three types of legislation, the type that concerns abstract laws that must be enforced (such as drug legalization), the type that concerns abstract laws that don’t necessarily require enforcement (such as holiday creation), and the type that concerns concrete plans to alter society (such as building a road). The type requires funding. This can be accomplished in two ways, crowdfunding or utilizing the tax budget.

Legislation that uses crowdfunding is not considered passed until the money jar is full, regardless of the outcome of voting. If legislation receives enough votes to pass but the money jar is not full, the legislation itself is locked for a month (defined as 750 hours) although users can still upvote, comment, contribute money, details, and tags. If a month passes and the money jar is not full, the legislation is considered to have failed to pass, and all donors receive money back to the account or wallet they sent it out with.

Legislation that utilizes the tax budget is considered passed as long as the voting show the legislation is passed and the money required field is less than the tax budget field. Once passed, the elected representative must convert this legislation to a form recognizable by the existing dominant legal apparatus and transfer tax funds to the necessary organizations or individuals in the traditional manner of signing a document. The DDD system automatically reduces the tax budget value established by the elected representative by the money required value for the passed legislation.
