The creator of legislation must give a source for funding if he inputs anything other than zero into the “money required” field. One possible source is tax money.  Another possible source would be crowdfunding. Crowdfunding creates an automatic account either with an automatically created a dwolla account or a bitcoin wallet, hereafter referred to as a “money jar.”

Anyone can transfer money through dwolla for free for transactions less than $10 and $0.25 for transactions over $10. Anyone can send bitcoins for free when the transaction is smaller than 10,000 bytes, all outputs are 0.01 BTC or larger, and its priority is above 57,600,000. Priority is calculated by the equation: priority = sum(input_value_in_base_units * input_age)/size_in_bytes

Otherwise, the reference implementation will round up the transaction size to the nearest thousand bytes and then add a fee of 0.0005 BTC per 1,000 bytes. Users may override the default 0.0005 BTC/kb fee setting, but cannot control transaction fees for each transaction. Bitcoin-Qt.exe does prompt the user to accept the fee before the transaction is sent (they may cancel the transaction if they are not willing to pay the fee). A typical transaction is 500 bytes, so the typical transaction fee is 0.0005 BTC, regardless of the number of bitcoins sent.

Only after one of these mechanisms is used to fill up the money jar with the amount of money required to execute the legislation, does the legislation officially pass, even if it passes via vote. This might be an incentive to use tax money instead of filling it up using crowdfunding. The legislation must be within the political entity’s budget if the taxation option is chosen.

Once the legislation is passed, the randomly generated password for the bitcoin wallet or a randomly generated username and password for the dwolla account is sent directly to the account of the email of the person in charge of handling funds for whatever company, organization, or individual that will be necessary for the execution of the legislation.
