The legislation page displays the 10 most popular pieces of legislation at the time. There is a next page, previous page and legislation history page is at the bottom. At the top of the screen there are 7 tabs, the user’s name and registered voting location, as well as links for account history and account settings. The 7 tabs are for legislation concerning the user’s country, legislation concerning the user’s state, legislation concerning the user’s district, legislation concerning the user’s county, legislation concerning the user’s municipality, as well as a tab that lets you view legislation from all these categories at once. There is also an “Other” tab for legislation concerning political entities not a part of the existing governmental structure, such as one’s home, an Indian reservation, or a company. For this Other tab legislation, the user would have to personally invite other user’s to evaluate and vote on his legislation.

This is a page where a user can view every previously passed piece of legislation. None of these can be edited. None of these can be upvoted. They can still be commented on and the comments can be upvoted. It is laid out in the same way as the legislation selection page except it’s organized by most recently passed instead of most upvotes. Survey and other feedback results are available here.

For ease of viewing legislation, users have the option to hide all legislation versions except the top 3 most upvoted from the legislation page. They can browse these different versions at will after clicking on the legislation post. Naturally this top 3 number and all other numbers can be adjusted and are merely a UX suggestion.