Voting begins at the time and date designated in the original legislation post. The default time is 9:00 AM for the time zone the author is posting from. Users can vote for the next 72 hours. During the voting period the legislation is highlighted a light blue or some other color, as opposed to black and white. They may only vote for one version of legislation if there are multiple versions. There will only be a YES or NO option for each piece of legislation. Once someone votes, they may not change their vote. In order for legislation to pass, a minimum of 3% of the population of the political entity impacted by the legislation must vote either YES or NO. Before the voting process is complete, the user must complete a CAPTCHA. 

On the legislation selection page, as well as the legislation itself, there is a thumbs-up icon next to the title. Each user may thumbs up one version of each legislation, increasing that posts visibility. The higher the upvote variable, the higher the legislation will be on the front page. The front page only displays the 10 most popular posts. Users can browse less popular posts by clicking the “next page” button. If a user has already upvoted one version of a legislation post, and tries to upvote a second one, the first version loses the upvote that user gave it. When browsing legislation at every level of government (the “All” tab), the legislation displayed have random numbers of upvotes from each category.

In order for legislation to pass three things must happen:

1) The number of YES votes must be at least 5% higher than the number of NO votes for a single version. In the case of a tie (under 5% difference) nothing would officially pass or be rejected until a revote that lasts 72 hours from the end of the original voting period. This would continue happening until a clear winner is determined or the legislation is deleted. If the people are so divided that a clear winner cannot be determined, I assert that it is better for no legislation to be passed. 

2) The total number of votes for all versions of legislation must represent at least 3% of the population of the political entity impacted. The voting threshold prevents people from sneaking bills through by having 10 people vote YES on it and 0 vote NO. If not even 1/33 people care enough about a given bill to vote on it, society's resources should not be used for it. If people deem it a truly necessary bill, people will vote.

3) If there is not enough money in the money jar for the funding to be executed it will have a month-long grace period for the acquisition of funds, but not officially pass. If the money isn't available by the end of the grace period, the legislation fails.

It's important to note here that voting threshold, supermajority threshold, and grace period values can be changed with new legislation.
